Look into implementing MongoDB so I can "update" and add new items to game. MOSTLY DONE

Look into making a "content browser" where you can browse other items that people have created.

Player:



Items:
    --Implement Drawable for, get this, items im gonna draw.

width & height.

Conveyor:
Conveyor Rails/guards
Conveyor Itself
Conveyor Arrow.

Upgrader:
Conveyor Rails/guards (5)
Conveyor Itself (5)
Conveyor Arrow. (3)
Upgrade Beam.   (10)
Upgrade Beam Posts (5)
Accessory (5)
Rest of upgrader. (4)


Dropper:
IDK at this point.
Ejector, think nerf gun that shoots disks/crossbow/railgun?

Furnace:
"Sell spot"


TODO: Fix/guard against divide by zero errors in Upgrade Strategies.
TODO: Change ore "state"(doomed etc) from boolean to Enum.

Things to Talk to professor about:

For each optimization in act method of ore with for each loop.

Just making the ore that is passed into an upgrade effect A property of the upgrade so that I don't have to pass it around.



//Express Interest Here:
    I would like to express my interest in the IT Software Development Internship at Idaho Central Credit Union.
I am eager to learn about and participate in software development in whatever ways I can whether that be working to write the Software itself or even as someone who
tests it.

//Talk about misc stuff/ Why I want to work here:

//Talk about School Here:
    When I first started school my declared major my goal was to work on designing the hardware but after taking some
of the Computer Science Courses I found out/discovered that the "craft" of programming was far more interesting to me.
When I look back a year ago and reflect on what I knew about programming then vs what I know about programming now I am
amazed at how much Ive learned. I know this is just the beginning and I hope that through this internship I will be able
to learn even more about programming and software development.

//Talk about Game/Portfolio Here:
    In school I have studied/learned about object oriented programming, primarily through Java but also Python.
In my spare time I have been working on writing a top down 2D Tycoon/Base Building game with Java using the LIBGDX Graphics framework.
I feel like this personal project has contributed so much to what I have learned about programming. When I first started working on the
project we were learning about inheritance and polymorphism in class and so I eagerly applied it to my game. Since then I have learned to
favor composition and to be very careful when using inheritance. Through my game I also learnt about various different serialization formats
such as JSON and XML. I decided to use JSON as my serialization format due to its readability and since then it guided/influenced me to
write far more flexible/robust code. However due to the way that objects are structured in my game the JSON wasnt/isnt super easy to wright
by hand so I decided to create a command line Python program that generates JSON data for Items by prompting the user. Once the game is fully complete I want to
release the Python program so that other people can easily create their own custom items. Ive also integrated MongoDB into the program
so that I can "update" the game with new items too.

I am drawn to this position because I want to learn about how code is written differently different environments
I also think that by participating in things like code reviews will expand my skill set.


Sincerely,
Nathan Ulmen

