Ternary =  if ? then : else
Should use ternary only to return, not to branch.

Ultimate weapon focussed warframe:
Passive: Dealing precision damage causes you to regenerate 25 energy over 5 seconds.

1st: for X seconds your weapons have better recoil (-25% base) and increased fire rate (25%).
2nd: for x seconds killing enemies grants X over guard to you and allies within range. Precision kills grant 100% more over guard.
3rd: Imbue your weapons with power granting your weapons +1.5 punch through, +20% status chance, and +50% damage for x seconds. Allies within X meters of you gain these effects.
4th: Precision hits ricochet between enemies(8 meters base range, 1st bounce is guaranteed after that it goes to punch through) Grant X% ammo efficiency to yourself. Damaging enemies with your weapons causes them to take X% increased damage up to a max of X%.




Conditional Upgrades using upgrade charge even if they don't do anything.




Rework Icons so that they are more similar in size to warframe and so that they display the name and stored count on the icon itself instead of the tooltip.
Tooltip should have the description and the tier.

- Warframe inventory Icon is ~243x243 on a 1440p monitor which means that height is .18x of screen height and width is .1x of screen width.
- Stored will be displayed in the top right of the icon. It will "cover the image."

Items should only be displayed in the shop if the item is unlocked.
    If the item is not unlocked the item will have its Icon Greyed out.
    If the item is not unlocked the item is placed at the very bottom and are sorted by Unlock Method and unlock requirement.

How do we check unlock requirements for items?
    Items are checked to see if they are unlocked when:
    Quest handles this itself when completed.
    Prestige is checked and updated on prestige level.
    Special Points unlock handles itself.
    NONE means item is already unlocked.

process of unlocking a new item looks like this:
    event occurs and listeners check their conditions -> if condition is true emit a new unlock event -> shops is registered to unlock events and updates itself.


Inventory should only display the item icon if the totalOwned count > 0.
if stored <= 0 then we grey out the ItemIcon
Times the inventory ui needs to be updated:
    inventory ui should be updated whenever the state of an Inventory node changes, the extent of the change depends on
    the inventory node.
        Things that are updated:
        -number stored count for tool tip.
        -adding new Icon to table if a the first copy of an item was just obtained.


I can link to the repository too if that would be helpful.









